what's up everybody what's going on I
got a request on how to do that easy
fade my I did it when I was cutting my
hair on the last videos and but I didn't
talk about how to do it I just showed it
on the video but I'm gonna do it real
quick all right no this is gonna be the
clean fader right for what it is oh my
god just go up and you just gotta find
the right part for your hair okay this
is not now this is not going to look
like 360 GG but let's keep it real
though you know everybody the average
person like me you don't got skills like
360 GZ and everybody can't cut their
hair like him all right no it's not
gonna require you know going he's not
required going like that boom boom boom
going like that you know by the 4-step
you know people already forgot what to
do and they're gonna end up fucking
their hair up like that and this what
I'm going to show you right now car is
only one step maybe three steps and
that's it alright
so that means let me show you what I'm
talking about you want to find the
length of your hair first alright so my
hair is about number two right now
let me show you alright I cut my hair
down number three on my last video but I
decided to cut it down at 1.5 so my guys
wallet number two right now so find the
length of your hair first alright so you
got a guard and just go over your hair
alright and wherever your hair you see
lines up with that last lines up with
the hair with that a guard right there
whatever it is that's your hair length
alright so you want to go with that one
or you can go one up above so right now
it's a two so you can go with the three
and you want to put it on all right keep
it down all right don't go all the way
up you're gonna cut way too much hair
off keep it down
alright now you want to go against the
grain okay don't be too scared alright
let me hear what I gotta say
find your last wave where it ends out
alright this is gonna give it that nice
baton looks on my last wave ends about
ends well right there alright so you get
the Clipper
like if I turn the shit on the fuck all
right on your last wave
all right you always want to have a fade
emotional you going up your hair fade
out fade out and look straight up cuz
I'm gonna have that feeling looking you
gonna put your hair up alright so right
there show you're gonna need this shit
right and go up stop right under your
wave right where that blade stops uh
where that blade starts to cut start to
fade out alright fade out you want to do
this all around your hair like that
fade out fade out all right
fade out all right it's gonna look pain
the reason why this works all right it's
because that hair that's the other hair
that's on top of that one way that you
fade it out you brush it back down
alright and that goes little hairs that
you didn't cut off right those the last
hairs right there
it's gonna cover that fading look
alright it's not look like you have that
clean on speed so it's not look like
you've got a haircut last week but it's
really an illusion that you're just
doing this little trick that I'm showing
you guys so it doesn't look too messy
alright you guys can see now I'm working
on connections now they're coming and
cleaning and you want to do this when
you're wolfing because you don't want
that here you don't want that hair
poofing out because you know when you
put on your do-rag your hair is all nice
and compressed you got that hair poofing
out that shit was nasty dude cut that up
and I want to show you guys how to do it
alright this is what I do too right here
in the side
boom say it out mmm I'm not lying either
because I have the Clippers on and I
mean cutting my own hair so this works
alright keep on doing over here boom
there you go
I'm afraid all right always go right
into the wind you got your last wave and
fade out that way you don't lose that
last wave
yeah does it look like a movie
so that's just an easy Oh easy way to
fade your hair and it's gonna look clean
all around alright
makes everything look a lot neat some
look like you're looking at all alright
so